 
 
 
Sport Ionad Réigiúnach Chorcaí CTR. 
T/A LeisureWorld 
Gender Pay Gap Report 2025 
November 2025 
 
 
1. Introduction 
The Gender Pay Gap Information Act 2021 introduced the legislative basis for 
gender pay gap reporting in Ireland and requires organisations to report on their 
hourly gender pay gap. Under recent amendments to legislation, organisations with 
more than 50 employees must now report by selecting a "snapshot" date in June to 
base their reporting. 
 
The snapshot date chosen by the company was the 30th of June 2025. A 
headcount of all employees on this date was conducted, and the gender pay 
information was calculated based on those employees' remuneration between 1st of 
July 2024 and 30th of June 2025. 
 
This report presents the Employment profile and the Gender Pay Gap profile for the 
reporting period. 
 
The company has a mean gender pay gap of 4.14% in favour of men and a median 
pay gap of -18.24% in favour of women.  
 
For part-time employees, the mean gender pay gap is -14.37% in favour of women 
and the median gender pay gap is 50.92% in favour of men. 
 
The report includes an analysis of the reported pay gap and measures being 
undertaken to reduce it.  
 
Appendix 1 contains a summary checklist confirming that all reporting requirements 
have been met. 
 
  
 
 
2. Definitions 
 
• Gender Pay Gap (GPG): The gender pay gap is the difference on average 
across a population between men's and women's pay. The gender pay gap is 
usually represented as the average difference in gross hourly earnings of men 
and of women, expressed as a percentage of men's average gross hourly 
earnings. 
 
o A gender pay gap which is positive indicates that, on average, women 
are in a less favourable position than men. 
o A gender pay gap which is negative indicates the reverse - that, on 
average, men are in a less favourable position than women. 
o It is important to note that the company respects gender as a 
spectrum, to include those who are non-binary, and we are reporting 
as per the legislative requirements. 
 
• Employee Hourly Rate: The hourly remuneration of an employee is 
calculated by dividing the employee’s total ordinary pay according to the 
reporting period by the hours worked for that period. Ordinary pay includes: 
the normal salary paid to the employee; Sunday premium; pay for sick leave; 
any salary top-ups for statutory leaves like maternity / paternity / parent’s 
leave. 
 
• Mean Hourly GPG: The mean gender pay gap is the difference in the 
arithmetic average hourly pay for women compared to men, within our 
organisation. 
 
• Median Hourly GPG: The median gender pay gap is the difference between 
women's median hourly pay (the middle-paid woman) and men's median 
hourly pay (the middle-paid man). The median hourly pay is calculated by 
ranking all employees from the highest paid to the lowest paid and taking the 
hourly pay of the person in the middle. 
 
• Quartiles: Employees were organised into quartiles based on hourly 
remuneration of all male and female full-time employees: lower, lower middle, 
upper middle and upper. The proportion of male and female employees in 
each quartile was expressed as a percentage. 
 
• Snapshot Date: Employers to whom the reporting obligations apply are 
required to calculate and publish the gender pay gap information in respect of 
relevant persons employed by them on the chosen snapshot date, with the 
calculations to be based on those employees' remuneration for the 12-month 
period that precedes the snapshot date. Employers must choose a snapshot 
date. The snapshot date must be in June but may be any date in June. 
 
  
 
3. Data 
 
3.1 Source of Data 
 
The Quantum payroll software used by the company provided pay information 
relevant to the reporting period. 
 
3.2 Data Protection 
 
All processing was conducted in line with Data Protection obligations. All statistics 
provided in this report are combined and do not identify individuals. 
 
 
4. Employment Profile 
 
On 30th of June 2025, there were 89 employees in the company included in the 
report. 
 
Category Total Count Breakdown 
All Employees 89 47 Males (53%) | 42 Females (47%) 
Full-Time Employees 41 21 Males (51%) | 20 Females (49%) 
Part-Time Employees 48 26 Males (54%) | 22 Females (46%) 
Note: Percentages are rounded to the nearest whole number. 
 
 
 
5. Gender Pay Gap Profile 
The Gender Pay Gap Information Act 2021 requires organisations to provide the 
Mean Gender Pay Gap % and the Median Gender Pay Gap % across three distinct 
categories. 
 
Gender Pay Gap Headcount, June 2025 
 
 Full-time 
employees 
Part-time 
employees 
Total 
employees 
Of whom are 
temporary 
Male 21 26 47 0 
Female 20 22 42 0 
Other 0 0 0 0 
Total 41 48 89 0 
 
Gender Pay Gap Mean & Median Hourly Remuneration Differences 
 
  
Statutory 
Reference 
Mean 
Hourly 
Gap % 
 
Statutory 
Reference 
Median Hourly 
Gap 
% 
All Employees  
R.7(1)(a) 
 
4.14% 
 
R.8(1)(a) 
 
-18.24% 
Part-Time R.7(1)(b) -14.37% R.8(1)(b) 50.92% 
Temporary R.7(1)(c) NIL R.8(1)(c) NIL 
 
Gender Pay Gap Benefit in Kind & Bonus Remuneration Differences 
 
As a not-for-profit organisation, the company does not provide bonuses or 
benefits-in-kind; therefore, no data is reported under this criterion. 
 
Gender Pay Gap Quartile differences based on gender 
 
Employees were organised into quartiles based on hourly remuneration of all male 
and female employees. 
 
 
Pay Quartiles 
 
Ref % 
Male 
 
Ref % 
Female 
Quartile 1 (Lower) R.10(1)(a) 43% R.10(1)(a) 57% 
Quartile 2 (Lower Middle) 
 
R.10(1)(b) 
 
64% 
 
R.10(1)(b) 
 
36% 
Quartile 3 (Upper Middle) 
 
R.10(1)(c) 
 
55% 
 
R.10(1)(c) 
 
45% 
Quartile 4 (Upper) R.10(1)(d) 50% R.10(1)(d) 50% 
Total Gender Breakdown   
53%   
47% 
 
 
 
6. Analysis 
 
The Gender Pay Gap is the difference in the average hourly wage of men and women across a 
workforce. It is important to distinguish this from Equal Pay.  
The company operates under pay scales decided on by the Board of Directors, 
regardless of gender, ensuring equal pay for equal work. 
 
While the company has equal pay for men and women in the same roles, we have a 
mean gender pay gap of 4.14% in favour of men and a median gender pay gap of 
-18.24% in favour of women. 
 
These results are influenced by the distribution of gender across the grading 
structure: 
• Timing:  
o The gender pay profile is correlated to, and affected by the timing of 
employee joiner, leaver, mobility, and promotion activities. 
• Seniority and Representation:  
o The quartile data highlights a higher representation of men in 
operations management at the snapshot date, which are higher-paid 
roles.  
o In the Upper Middle Quartile (Quartile 3), 55% of employees are male, 
compared to 45% female. 
o Conversely, the Lower Quartile (Quartile 1) has a higher 
representation of women (57%) compared to men (43%). These roles 
are typically reception and cleaning staff roles and have a higher 
percentage of female representation which is in line proportionally with 
the gender of the job applications for these roles.
 
 
• Part-Time Trends:  
o For part -time employees, the gap is significantly positive (50.92% 
median) in favour of women.  
o This indicates that most of the part- time roles are held by men (54%), 
and these men are, on average,  at lower grades or points on the pay 
scale than the smaller number of women (46%) working part-time.  
o This is influenced by the type of work undertaken by these higher paid 
women, e.g., private swim lessons, class instructors. These roles 
currently have a higher percentage of female representation.
 
 
  
 
 
 
7. Measures being taken to eliminate or reduce the Gender Pay Gap 
 
Recruitment & Promotional Practices 
 
The company is committed to ensuring that our workforce reflects the diversity of 
the society we serve. Recruitment is largely fulfilled by advertising jobs publicly , 
with transparent pay ranges, adhering to company policy. 
 
• Interviewer teams are gender balanced. 
• Training is provided to interviewers on equality, diversity, and inclusion (EDI) 
to mitigate unconscious bias. 
 
Learning & Development 
 
We continue to prioritise Learning and Development to support career progression: 
 
• Mentoring programmes and leadership development courses are available to 
all staff. 
 
Work-Life Balance 
 
To support retention and progression, the company offers: 
 
• Blended working policy, where possible. 
• Flexible working hours (flexitime), where possible. 
• These policies aim to support all employees, particularly those with caring 
responsibilities, to remain in the workforce and progress to senior roles. 
 
 
Equality, Diversity and Inclusion (EDI) 
 
LeisureWorld is an Equal Opportunities Employer and does not discriminate on 
grounds of, gender, marital status, family status, sexual orientation, race, religion, 
age, disability, membership of the Traveller community in employment, promotion, 
practices or procedures. 
 
The company’s EDI initiatives focus on promoting an inclusive culture. Our aim is to 
promote a positive inclusive workplace culture where all colleagues feel respected, 
supported and valued. 
 
 
Appendix 1: Gender Pay Gap Reporting Checklist 
 
Organisation: Sport Ionad Réigiúnach Chorcaí CTR. T/A LeisureWorld 
 
Snapshot Date Reporting Period From Reporting Period To 
30th June 2025 1st July 2024 30th June 2025 
 
Headcount on Snapshot Date 
 
 Full-time Part-time Total Of whom Temporary 
Male 21 26 47 0 
Female 20 22 42 0 
Total 41 48 89 0 
 
Gender Pay Gap Metrics 
 
Metric Statutory Ref Result 
Mean Gap (All Employees) R.7(1)(a) 4.14% 
Median Gap (All Employees) R.8(1)(a) -18.24% 
Mean Gap (Part-Time) R.7(1)(b) -14.37% 
Median Gap (Part-Time) R.8(1)(b) 50.92% 
Gap (Temporary) R.7(1)(c) NIL 
Bonus/BIK R.9(1) N/A 
 
Gender Pay Gap Information Report 
 
• Does the information show differences relating to remuneration referable to 
gender? [YES] 
• Is a statement included setting out reasons for the difference? [YES] 
• Is a statement included setting out measures to reduce the difference? [YES] 
Date of Publication: November 2025 
If published online, the URL: https://www.leisureworldcork.com/ 