LEISUREWORLD TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
LEISUREWORLD TERMS AND CONDITIONS | 
This document is subject to change. Please be aware the copy you hold may be out of date. The 
latest version is available directly from your club. 
10/07/2026 
 
 
ADMISSION POLICY 
 
 
 Admission to the leisure centre is subject to the centres admission fees either membership or 
pay as you go charges 
 Facility users must scan their barcode or check in at reception to record their attendance and 
gain access to the various areas and activities with the centre 
 Admission to the leisure centre is based on a current timetable which is subject to change 
 Admission to Sauna/Steam room is strictly for over 18’s only 
 Adult gym sessions are for over 18’s only 
 Student gym and swim sessions are for over 16’s only 
 Teen gym and swim sessions are for ages 13-15 years only 
 All teens must complete a gym safety induction prior to accessing the gym or fitness classes. 
 All gym patrons must sign a Health Declaration at sign up 
 If you know or are concerned you have a medical condition which might interfere with 
exercising safely you should get advice from the relevant medical professional and follow any 
advice given before using the facility. 
 Our pools have max bather loads for the safety of all patrons. Please note if these are reached, 
access may be restricted until safe levels return. 
 People under the influence of alcohol or drugs will be refused entry to the leisure centre 
 During Swimming Lessons a parent is requested to stay on site. 
 
 
 
CHILDRENS ADMISSION 
• Children aged under 8 years must be accompanied by a responsible adult (18 years or over) in 
the water in the ratio max 2 children to 1 adult 
o Supervision from the viewing gallery or pool deck will not be accepted as adequate 
supervision. 
• Children 8yrs – 10yrs must have an Adult (over 18yrs) in the building 
• Children must be supervised by an adult at all times while in the centre. 
• Supervising adults must comply with safe supervision ratios of parent/guardian to child while 
in the pool 
 
Please follow the rules and advise on display for the various activities at the centre. These rules and 
information are in order to ensure that everyone may continue to enjoy a safe and pleasant facility. 
 
Any person(s) that do not abide by the rules set out by the Management may be asked to leave 
LEISUREWORLD TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
LEISUREWORLD TERMS AND CONDITIONS | 
This document is subject to change. Please be aware the copy you hold may be out of date. The 
latest version is available directly from your club. 
10/07/2026 
 
 
 
On joining, the facility user automatically accepts and agrees to be bound by these conditions. Pay 
As You Go users automatically accept and agrees to be bound by these conditions or by virtue of 
using our services. 
 
ACCESS 
All visitors must register with LeisureWorld to use our services. Children must be registered by their 
parent or guardian. All visitors must record their attendance. 
 
Each facility user can generate a barcode in the LeisureWorld app to gain entry. All facility user must 
record a visit by swiping or checking in at reception, no exceptions. 
 
MEMBERSHIP CANCELLATION POLICIES 
There is a 28-day notification period of your intention to cancel a monthly membership. Cancellation 
via phone call is not accepted. 
 
Members must contact via email to cancellations@leisureworldcork.com. Cancelling a direct debit 
with your bank is not valid notice as we are not informed of these cancellations. 
 
If you purchase your membership online, you have 14 days to change your mind before you use your 
membership. Cooling off is only applicable to change of mind and non -use. LeisureWorld will waive 
the exclusion for services that have already started, i.e., y ou selected your membership to start 
immediately but did not use it. 
 
Our terms and conditions will come into force automatically after the 14-day period has 
elapsed. In person purchases of goods and services are not entitled to a cooling off period. 
 
For information   about your consumer rights relating to contracts please refer to 
https://www.ccpc.ie/consumers/contracts-and-services/gym-contracts 
 
MEMBERSHIP FREEZE OPTION 
You can freeze your membership for a minimum of one month’s up to a maximum of 3 months. You 
can do this once per calendar year. Monthly members can only freeze for whole months. Freezing of 
your membership can only be granted with a prior written request from the member/user and 
approval from the management. 
 
Periods of non-use of the facilities cannot be backdated under any circumstances. Couple members 
are not able to be frozen individually, both memberships must be frozen together. 
 
MONTHLY BILLING 
Membership payments are due regardless of usage. New members agree to a minimum commitment 
of one full billing cycle, that is one payment must be collected before you can terminate. This contract 
automatically renews after the minimum period of 1 month and will continue indefinitely unless 
cancelled by the member. We require 28 days notification via email to 
cancellations@leisureworldcork.com of your intention to cancel a monthly membership. 
 
Please note we cannot part bill a month if your next billing date falls within your notice period you will 
be billed for the next full month and your membership will finish at the end of that monthly cycle. 
Monthly membership billing is done via direct debit. 
LEISUREWORLD TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
LEISUREWORLD TERMS AND CONDITIONS | 
This document is subject to change. Please be aware the copy you hold may be out of date. The 
latest version is available directly from your club. 
10/07/2026 
 
 
 
 
TERMINATION OF MEMBERSHIP 
Management reserve the right to terminate any membership for violation of any rules or regulations 
of the facility, or for conduct deemed by the management to be detrimental to the safety and welfare, 
good order, or character of the facility, it’s staff or its members and facility users. 
 
TRANSFER OF MEMBERSHIP 
Memberships may not be transferred or assigned to another person. Membership deposits and fees 
are not refundable under any circumstances. The registered member/facilityuser is the only person 
that can use the membership, no sharing is permitted. 
 
REFUND POLICY 
A refund for non-use of membership will not be granted under any circumstances. 
 
Courses and fitness class bookings are paid in full and non-refundable. If a class is cancelled in advance 
by the facility user, in line with the cancellation policy, a booking credit note will be issued to your 
membership account. 
 
Courses and fitness class bookings are paid in full and non -refundable. If a class is cancelled by the 
facility, a credit note will be issued be issue to your account or a request can be made for a refund. 
 
Any request for refund should be made prior to your service booking commencing. Once a service 
booking has started requests for refunds will be rejected. 
 
In circumstances where a customer has been advised that they cannot make use of 
membership/class/course by a medical professional, we can review a request for a credit for time 
missed due to illness or injury if it is accompanied by an appropriate dated medical note. Any request 
for a medical refund must be made to the facility via email to info@leisureworldcork.com. 
 
RETURNS POLICY 
Any product bought at LeisureWorld that is faulty should be returned accompanied with a receipt as 
proof of purchase. This should be done at the site the product was purchased at. Products that have 
been purchased and are broken by use, and not due to defects, are not eligible for a refund. 
LEISUREWORLD TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
LEISUREWORLD TERMS AND CONDITIONS | 
This document is subject to change. Please be aware the copy you hold may be out of date. The 
latest version is available directly from your club. 
10/07/2026 
 
 
 
 
GENERAL CODE OF CONDUCT 
 
Safe Selling & Use of Supplements  
Any supplements or sports foods sold or permitted within the facility adhere strictly to our Safe Selling 
Supplements and Sport Food Statement. Members and users are advised to consume sports nutrition 
responsibly and in accordance with manufacturer guidelines and professional dietary advice. 
 
MOBILE PHONES, CAMERAS, AND RECORDING EQUIPMENT 
Mobile phones are prohibited for use in the changing rooms and swimming pool areas. Please respect 
other facility users right to privacy and to work out without being recorded or photographed. You are 
not permitted to take photos or record videos that contain personal data of others, especially if you 
intend to share your recordings with others. Recording or photographing facility users  without their 
permission may result in termination of membership. 
 
LOCKERS 
Lockers must be used by all facility users to secure belongings. Lockers operate using a €1 coin or 
token to secure the locker, and it is returned when the locker is opened. The  facility user 
acknowledges that the facility will not be responsible for the loss of any personal items or damage 
to personal property, either on the facility or in the facility car parking areas. LeisureWorld accepts 
no responsibility for personal items that are brought into the facility by facility users. LeisureWorld 
will not accept custody of personal items, you must use the lockers provided. 
 
FACILTY CONDITION 
The facility management will use its best endeavours to ensure that all facilities, apparatus, and 
equipment are maintained in working order but accepts no responsibility to the facility user for failure 
or breakdown of any equipment or apparatus however caused. You must inform staff of any defect 
you notice or become aware of while using the facility, to allow our staff make good and safe any 
defects. 
 
DISPUTES 
In the event of any dispute arising between a facility user of the facility and the management of the 
facility, the decision of LeisureWorld management will be final. 
 
FITNESS CLASSES 
Classes are available for persons aged over 16 years only unless otherwise stated. 60 minutes notice is 
required to cancel a class booking. You must scan your access card or check in at reception to register 
attendance, no exceptions. 
 
SWIMMING POOL USE 
All users of the swimming pool must use the showers before entering the pool. Swim caps must be 
worn. No outdoor footwear is permitted on the pool deck. Swimmers are encouraged to wear 
appropriate footwear on the pool deck and in the changing areas. A full list of rules and regulations 
are in place in each of the pool areas, facility users must agree to comply with the regulations in each 
area. 
 
Please click here to view our Pool Rules 
LEISUREWORLD TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
LEISUREWORLD TERMS AND CONDITIONS | 
This document is subject to change. Please be aware the copy you hold may be out of date. The 
latest version is available directly from your club. 
10/07/2026 
 
 
 
 
SAUNA AND STEAM ROOMS 
The sauna and steam room are restricted to over 18’s only. Please read the user guidelines for each 
area before use. No shaving permitted in either area. 
 
Please click here to view our Sauna & Steam room user guidelines 
 
GYM AND AEROBIC STUDIO 
A list of rules and regulations are in place in each of these areas, facility users must agree to comply 
with the regulations in each area. 
 
Please click here to view our Gym & Aerobic studio rules 
 
HEALTH SCREENING 
The facility user acknowledges that he/she is in good health and is not suffering from any illness or 
disease. 
 
All facility users confirm a Health declaration on booing. Should this change, it is the facility user’s 
responsibility to seek advice. 
 
AMENDMENTS 
The management reserves the right to amend and add to these conditions as it sees fit and the facility 
user shall observe any amended or additional conditions or rules so made. 
LEISUREWORLD TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
LEISUREWORLD TERMS AND CONDITIONS | 
This document is subject to change. Please be aware the copy you hold may be out of date. The 
latest version is available directly from your club. 
10/07/2026 
 
 
 
MEMBERSHIP TYPES 
 
Pay As You Go Membership 
PAYG membership is available for all adults, students and children to access our services on an ad-hoc 
basis. Payment is made for each visit by way of access tickets or bookings. Itis free to register as a Pay 
As You Go member. 
 
Adult Membership 
To qualify for this membership, you must be aged between 18 years and older This membership allows 
one person to use our service. Adult membership is available for either all services or for swim only. 
 
Over 65 Membership 
To qualify for this membership, you must be aged 65 year or older This membership allows one person 
to use our service. ID is required when enrolling for this membership. 
 
Unemployed Membership 
To qualify for this membership, you must provide proof of unemployment. This membership allows 
one person to use our service. ID is required when enrolling for this membership. 
 
Couple Membership 
This gives a family the opportunity to jointly purchase memberships. There will be a primary and a linked 
member. Payments are assigned to the primary member. Each facility user will receive an individual 
membership card. If the primary facility user fails to make the monthly payment, both memberships will 
be withdrawn. All changes to the membership must be made by the primary facility user. 
 
Student Membership 
To qualify for student membership, you must be aged 16 or over, or be enrolled in full-time education 
programmes if over 18 years old. Part-time and professional education programmes are not valid for 
student memberships. If under 18 we require photo ID. Production of a valid student ID with expiry 
date on the card or dated proof of enrolment is required to purchase these memberships if you are 
over 18 years old. 
 
Child Pool membership 
To qualify for child membership, you must be aged 6 -17. Child memberships are only available when 
linked to an adult membership. Use of a child membership must comply with Admission policy. 
 
Teen membership 
To qualify for teen membership, you must be aged 13-17. Teen memberships permit access to the pool, 
gym and fitness classes. Teen members are required to complete a safety induction with a trainer prior 
to using the gym. 
 
 
PRIVACY POLICY 
 
A copy of our privacy is available online at https://www.leisureworldcork.com/privacy-policy/ 